Bryonna Bridges and my email address is  babridges@my.waketech.edu
This will be used as my school account where i will filling my assignments. 
The  repository I created will be where i can find all my assignments and projects. 

#About Me
Walking, visiting the lake, and shopping are some of my favorite hobbies when I'm not in school. I adore taking walks and simply being able to establish a connection with the natural world. I also think that walking is a fantastic form of exercise. I also enjoy traveling to the lake because I occasionally bring a journal with me, where I write down my objectives and ideas while admiring the water and feeling relaxed. I like shopping as a passion because I believe it allows you to express yourself via fashion and also unlocks your creative side by allowing you to mix up your sense of style in apparel. In addition to allowing me to express myself via my wardrobe, shopping helps me relieve stress.
## My Interests
- [National Geographic] (https://www.nationalgeographic.com) - I was drawn to this website because I enjoy learning about all kinds of animals. Growing up, I was always interested in animals, and many people are still unaware of the variety of animals. Finding out fascinating things about animals I'm unfamiliar with is something I enjoy doing. I like all animals except snakes, which I'm afraid of. I enjoy learning about the habitats of animals, their food preferences, and potential viewing locations.
- [dafgiving360] (https://www.dafgiving360.org) - I was drawn to this website because I adore how it demonstrates how you may support charities or your communities. Giving back to the community is something I enjoy doing, and I'm constantly searching for ways to help kids and their families. Helping the world has always been a part of my heart, even as a little child. I've always wished to assist those in need of affection and direction. I enjoy being able to watch individuals smile again and give them hope by giving back to them. My dream is to one day be able to assist homeless shelters, all children's hospitals, and just witness a difference in the world and people's smiles.
